Next.js: Use NPM package of JavaScript SDK (#603)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/user-guides/how-to-guides/rudderstack-jamstack-integration/rudderstack-nextjs-integration.mdx

<div class="infoBlock">

> Refer to the sample Next.js app in the <a href="https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-samples/tree/master/javascript/sample-next-app">RudderStack Sample Applications</a> repository for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the sample Next.js app in the [RudderStack Sample Applications](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-analytics-next/tree/main/sample-next-app-npm) repository for more information.
```

    integrations: { All: true }, // load call options
  });

  rudderanalytics.ready(() => {
    console.log("All set!");
  });
}
```

<div class="infoBlock">

If you are using an older version of the JavaScript SDK (v1), refer to the <Link to="/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/version-migration-guide">Version Migration Guide</Link> to migrate to v1.1.
</div>

2. Replace `<WRITE_KEY>` and `<DATA_PLANE_URL>` with your JavaScript source write key and the data plane URL obtained in the <Link to="/user-guides/how-to-guides/rudderstack-jamstack-integration/rudderstack-nextjs-integration/#creating-a-javascript-source-in-rudderstack">Creating a JavaScript source in RudderStack</Link> section above.
3. In the `pages` folder, open the `index.js` file and add the following code snippet:

```jsx
import React from "react";
import { rudderInitialize } from "./rudderInitialize";

export default function Home() {
  React.useEffect(() => {
    rudderInitialize();
  }, []);

  const search = () => {
    window.rudderanalytics.page();
    window.rudderanalytics.track("Sample Track Event");
  };
```

<div class="infoBlock">

> Refer to the sample Next.js app in the <a href="https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-samples/tree/master/javascript/sample-next-app">RudderStack Sample Applications</a> repository for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the sample Next.js app in the [RudderStack Sample Applications](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-analytics-next/tree/main/sample-next-app-npm) repository for more information.
```

<div class="infoBlock">

> Refer to the sample Next.js app in the [RudderStack Sample Applications](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-samples) repository for more information.

Reviewer 2: Let's point to the actual example in the repository.

  window.rudderanalytics.load("<WRITE-KEY>", "<DATA-PLANE-URL>", {
    integrations: { All: true }, // load call options
  });

  window.rudderanalytics.ready(() => {
    console.log("All set!");
  });
}
```

<div class="infoBlock">

If you are using an older version of the JavaScript SDK (v1), refer to the <Link to="/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/version-migration-guide">Version Migration Guide</Link> to migrate to v1.1.
</div>

2. Replace `<WRITE_KEY>` and `<DATA_PLANE_URL>` with your JavaScript source write key and the data plane URL obtained in the <Link to="/user-guides/how-to-guides/rudderstack-jamstack-integration/rudderstack-nextjs-integration/#creating-a-javascript-source-in-rudderstack">Creating a JavaScript source in RudderStack</Link> section above.
2. In the same `pages` folder, open the `index.js` file and add the following code snippet:

```jsx
import React from "react";
import { rudderInitialize } from "./rudderInitialize";

export default function Home() {
  React.useEffect(() => {
    rudderInitialize();
  }, []);

  const search = () => {
    window.rudderanalytics.page();

>     window.rudderanalytics.track("Track Event.");

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    window.rudderanalytics.track("Sample Track Event");
```

  };
```

<div class="infoBlock">

> Refer to the sample Next.js app in the [RudderStack Sample Applications](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-samples) repository for more information.

Reviewer 2: Let's point to the actual example in the repository.

> Refer to the sample Next.js app in the [RudderStack Sample Applications](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-samples/tree/master/javascript/sample-next-app) repository for more information.

Reviewer 3: Sample project with NPM package can be find here: https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-analytics-next/tree/main/sample-next-app-npm
Not in sample apps
